Fix broken links to 0x05|6c-Reverse-Engineering-and-Tampering.md (#2616)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x05e-Testing-Cryptography.md

> Note that if you take a rooted device or a patched (e.g. repackaged) application into account as a threat to the data, it might be better to encrypt the salt with a key that is placed in the `AndroidKeystore`. The Password-Based Encryption (PBE) key is generated using the recommended `PBKDF2WithHmacSHA1` algorithm, until Android 8.0 (API level 26). For higher API levels, it is best to use `PBKDF2withHmacSHA256`, which will end up with a longer hash value.

> Note: there is a widespread false believe that the NDK should be used to hide cryptographic operations and hardcoded keys. However, using this mechanism is not effective. Attackers can still use tools to find the mechanism used and make dumps of the key in memory. Next, the control flow can be analyzed with e.g. radare2 and the keys extracted with the help of Frida or the combination of both: [r2frida](0x08a-Testing-Tools.md#r2frida) (see sections ["Disassembling Native Code"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0018.md "Disassembling Native Code"), ["Memory Dump"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0044.md#memory-dump "Memory Dump") and ["In-Memory Search"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0044.md#in-memory-search "In-Memory Search") in the chapter "Process Exploration" for more details). From Android 7.0 (API level 24) onward, it is not allowed to use private APIs, instead: public APIs need to be called, which further impacts the effectiveness of hiding it away as described in the [Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2016/06/android-changes-for-ndk-developers.html "Android changes for NDK developers")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: there is a widespread false believe that the NDK should be used to hide cryptographic operations and hardcoded keys. However, using this mechanism is not effective. Attackers can still use tools to find the mechanism used and make dumps of the key in memory. Next, the control flow can be analyzed with e.g. radare2 and the keys extracted with the help of Frida or the combination of both: [r2frida](../tools/generic/MASTG-TOOL-0036.md "r2frida") (see ["Disassembling Native Code"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0018.md "Disassembling Native Code"), ["Memory Dump"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0044.md#memory-dump "Memory Dump") and ["In-Memory Search"](../techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0044.md#in-memory-search "In-Memory Search") for more details). From Android 7.0 (API level 24) onward, it is not allowed to use private APIs, instead: public APIs need to be called, which further impacts the effectiveness of hiding it away as described in the [Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2016/06/android-changes-for-ndk-developers.html "Android changes for NDK developers")
```
